The existing spectroscopic system in the laboratory consists of 10 splitter plates with 10 different wavelengths, and 10 filters with corresponding wavelengths, which emit light in turn. However, the spectral efficiency is not high, because the original optical path of the optical system is not properly constructed, and only a small part of the light transmittance is filtered after the light though the spectrograph of 340nm. The low spectral efficiency of the other wavelength bands is caused by the unreasonable radius of curvature of flat len and the light path is not straight
ASAP is fundamentally a flexible and efficient optical system-modeling tool. It is able to simulate, by Monte Carlo ray-tracing techniques, the interaction of light with opti- cal and mechanical structures. After the optimization of the optical system, the direction of the light at 340nm from side incident to positive incident, and the aperture of lens increases from 6mm to 12mm. The geometric model and the new optical path are con- structed successfully. In order to determine a proper radius of curvature to collimate the optical path, step lengths of 0.5mm, 0.2mm and 0.05mm were set in order to change the radius of curvature of the flat lens. Light tracing and result analysis were carried out. The optimized light intensity distribution is compared with the simulation results before the optimization, the radiation illumination is more than four times higher and the spatial distribution is more uniform.
